sure,seguro,zeker
small,pequeño,klein
gray,gris,grijs
tanned,bronceado,gebruind
young,mancebo,jong
older,mayor,ouder
dark-skinned,moreno,donkerhuidig
dark-haired,moreno,donkerharig
obese,obeso,zwaarlijvig
pale,pálido,bleek
red-haired,pelirrojo,roodharig
average,medio,gemiddeld
blond,rubio,blond
kind,amable,vriendelijk
arrogant,arrogante,arrogant
conceited,creído,verwaand
aggressive,agresivo,agressief
busy,bullicioso,druk
warm,cálido,warm
cynical,cínico,cynisch
understanding,comprensivo,begripvol
worldly,mundano,werelds
hateful,odioso,hatelijk
optimistic,optimista,optimistisch
pessimistic,pesimista,pessimistisch
cautious,precavido,voorzichtig
sentimental,sentimental,sentimenteel
crude,tosco,grof
daring,atrevido,gedurfd
nice,buena onda,aardig
hardworking,trabajador,hardwerkend
safe,seguro,veilig
insecure,inseguro,onzeker
loving,amoroso,liefdevol
easily frightened,asustadizo,gemakkelijk bang
chubby,regordete,mollig
plump,rellenito,volslank
gray-haired,canoso,grijs haar
athletic,atlético,atletisch
heavyset,corpulento,stevig
robust,robusto,robuust
grilled,a la plancha,gegrild
roast,al horno,geroosterd
sautéed,salteado,gesauteerd
sweet,dulce,zoet
salty,salado,zout
acid,ácido,zuur
hot,picante,heet
refreshing,refrescante,verfrissend
cold,frío,koud
hot,caliente,warm
lukewarm,tibio,lauw
tasty,sabroso,smakelijk
green,verde,groen
annoying,molestoso,vervelend
bad,malo,slecht
fearful,temible,angstig
sick,enfermo,ziek
tall,alto,lang
short,bajo,kort
wide,ancho,breed
dizzy,mareado,duizelig
formal,formal,formeel
in fashion,de moda,in de mode
untidy,desarreglado,slordig
wrinkled,arrugado,gerimpeld
custom-made,a medida,op maat gemaakt
striped,de rayas,gestreept
checked,de cuadros,geruit
floral,floral,bloemen
polka-dot,con lunares,stippen
fitted,entallado,getailleerd
hip,en onda,hip
slovenly,fodongo,slonzig
political,político,politiek
nonprofit,sin fines de lucro,non-profit
governmental,gubernamental,gouvernementeel
social,social,sociaal
cultural,cultural,cultureel
conservative,conservador,conservatief
democratic,democrático,democratisch
republican,republicano,republikeins
green,verde,groen
socialist,socialista,socialistisch
Communist,comunista,communistisch
fascist,fascista,fascistisch
carnivorous,carnívoro,vleesetend
wild,salvaje,wild
tame,domesticado,getemd
tame,manso,tam
gentle,apacible,zachtaardig
rabid,rabioso,razend
fluffy,esponjoso,pluizig
terrifying,aterrador,angstaanjagend
labor,laboral,arbeids-
lanky,larguirucho,slungelig
distant,lejano,ver
cultivated,labrado,gecultiveerd
straight,lacio,steil
lacustrine,lacustre,meer-
lay,laico,leken
bootlicking,lambiscón,kontlikkend
tawny,leonado,geelbruin
liberating,libertador,bevrijdend
legal,legal,legaal
milky,lechoso,melkachtig
Latin,latino,Latijns
lascivious,lascivo,wellustig
hairless,lampiño,haarloos
lecherous,lujurioso,geil
bound,ligado,gebonden
pretty,lindo,mooi
thieving,ladrón,diefachtig
teenage,lolo,tiener
tearful,lloroso,tranerig
talkative,locuaz,spraakzaam
crazy,locochón,gek
light,liviano,licht
lyric,lírico,lyrisch
limpid,límpido,helder
brave,luchador,dapper
listless,lánguido,lusteloos
bright,llamativo,opvallend
long,largo,lang
dismal,lúgubre,somber
playful,lúdico,speels
logical,lógico,logisch
pale,lívido,lijkbleek
legal,lícito,wettig
gloomy,lóbrego,somber
lunatic,lunático,maanziek
laudable,loable,prijzenswaardig
boastful,jactancioso,opschepperig
humorous,jocoso,grappig
hunchbacked,jorobado,gebocheld
young,joven,jong
jovial,jovial,joviaal
young,jovencito,jong
really young,jovencísimo,erg jong
jubilant,jubiloso,jubelend
juicy,jugoso,sappig
experienced,jugado,ervaren
sensible,juicioso,verstandig
judicial,judicial,gerechtelijk
legal,jurídico,juridisch
khaki,kaki,kaki
Latin American,iberoamericano,Latijns-Amerikaans
idiotic,idiota,idioot
idealistic,idealista,idealistisch
ignorant,ignorante,onwetend
equal,igual,gelijk
level,igualado,gelijk
illicit,ilícito,onwettig
illegal,ilegal,illegaal
unharmed,ileso,ongedeerd
identical,igualito,identiek
illegible,ilegible,onleesbaar
unlimited,ilimitado,onbeperkt
enlightened,iluminado,verlicht
illustrious,ilustre,illustere
imaginary,imaginario,denkbeeldig
imperceptible,imperceptible,onmerkbaar
unforgivable,imperdonable,onvergeeflijk
impermeable,impermeable,ondoorlatend
imperfect,imperfecto,onvolmaakt
implacable,implacable,onverzoenlijk
impulsive,impetuoso,impulsief
unpolluted,impoluto,onbevlekt
imprecise,impreciso,onnauwkeurig
unexpected,imprevisto,onverwacht
inappropriate,impropio,ongepast
unpunctual,impuntual,onpunctueel
attributable,imputable,toerekenbaar
impassive,impávido,onverstoorbaar
impious,impío,goddeloos
vast,inabarcable,onmetelijk
unfinished,inacabado,onvoltooid
unnoticed,inadvertido,onopgemerkt
unattainable,inalcanzable,onbereikbaar
inexhaustible,inagotable,onuitputtelijk
wireless,inalámbrico,draadloos
unappealable,inapelable,onaantastbaar
inappropriate,inapropiado,ongepast
unsuspecting,incauto,nietsvermoedend
uncertain,incierto,onzeker
incredible,increíble,ongelooflijk
unpublished,inédito,ongepubliceerd
inconvenient,inconveniente,ongemakkelijk
countless,incontable,ontelbaar
unmistakable,inconfundible,onmiskenbaar
incapable,incapaz,onbekwaam
improper,indebido,onbehoorlijk
tan,habano,bruin
skilled,habilidoso,bekwaam
land-owning,hacendado,landeigenaar
hungry,hambriento,hongerig
lazy,haragán,lui
full,harto,vol
made,hecho,gemaakt
freezing,helado,ijskoud
heroic,heroico,heldhaftig
generous,hidalgo,genereus
swollen,hinchado,gezwollen
honorable,honorable,eerbaar
deep,hondo,diep
wiry,hirsuto,ruig
skillful,hábil,bekwaam
shy,huraño,schuw
fugitive,huido,voortvluchtig
bony,huesudo,benig
hypothetical,hipotético,hypothetisch
sullen,hosco,nors
hostile,hostil,vijandig
orphaned,huérfano,wees
dreadful,horroroso,afschuwelijk
honest,honesto,eerlijk
homonymous,homónimo,homoniem
equivalent,homólogo,equivalent
approved,homologado,goedgekeurd
heterogeneous,heterogéneo,heterogeen
Honduran,hondureño,Hondurees
moisturizing,hidratante,hydraterend
boiling,hirviente,kokend
hypocritical,hipócrita,hypocriet
hurtful,hiriente,kwetsend
Spanish-speaking,hispanohablante,Spaanstalig
Spanish-speaking,hispanoparlante,Spaanstalig
inhabited,habitado,bewoond
fake,hechizo,nep
macabre,macabro,macaber
ugly,macaco,lelijk
sexist,machista,seksistisch
tough,macho,stoer
solid,macizo,solide
great,magno,groot
magnanimous,magnánimo,grootmoedig
wonderful,magnífico,prachtig
lean,magro,mager
nice,majo,aardig
majestic,majestuoso,majestueus
wretched,maldito,vervloekt
sick,malito,ziekjes
awful,malísimo,verschrikkelijk
marvelous,maravilloso,wonderbaarlijk
withered,marchito,verwelkt
one-armed,manco,eenarmig
manic,maníaco,manisch
meek,manso,zachtmoedig
disgusting,marrano,walgelijk
massive,masivo,massaal
morning,matutino,ochtend-
crafty,mañoso,sluw
mean,mendigo,gemeen
stingy,mezquino,gierig
scathing,mordaz,bijtend
modern,moderno,modern
cute,mono,schattig
mounted,montado,gemonteerd
fatal,mortal,dodelijk
suspicious,mosca,achterdochtig
blurred,movido,bewogen
inconsiderate,la mula,onbedachtzaam
purple,morado,paars
mobile,móvil,mobiel
multinational,multinacional,multinationaal
worldwide,mundial,wereldwijd
muscular,musculoso,gespierd
mutual,mutuo,wederzijds
morbid,mórbido,morbide
mythical,mítico,mythisch
musical,musical,muzikaal
maximum,máximo,maximum
minimum,mínimo,minimum
drooping,gacho,hangend
jinxed,gafe,vervloekt
stammering,gago,stotterend
smart,galano,slim
gallant,galante,galant
gallant,gallardo,galant
Galician,gallego,Galicisch
French,galo,Frans
rowdy,gamberro,rumoerig
winning,ganador,winnend
jerky,gandalla,schokkerig
nasal,gangoso,nasaal
lazy,ganso,lui
graceful,garboso,sierlijk
enormous,garrafal,enorm
gaseous,gaseoso,gasvormig
catlike,gatuno,katachtig
sweet-toothed,goloso,zoetekauw
high-scoring,goleador,scorend
loudmouthed,gritón,luidruchtig
tangled,greñudo,verward
gregarious,gregario,gregair
free,gratuito,gratis
greasy,grasoso,vettig
big,grande,groot
magnificent,grandioso,groots
huge,grandote,enorm
giant,gigante,reusachtig
gigantic,gigantesco,gigantisch
fat,gordo,dik
joyful,gozoso,vreugdevol
fair-haired,güero,blondharig
icy,gélido,ijskoud
tasty,gustoso,smakelijk
handsome,guapo,knap
mocking,guasón,spottend
good-looking,guapetón,knap
very handsome,guapísimo,erg knap
dirty,guarro,vies
scruffy,fachoso,sjofel
ugly,feo,lelijk
feasible,factible,haalbaar
eloquent,facundo,welsprekend
false,falaz,bedrieglijk
false,falso,vals
missing,faltante,ontbrekend
famous,famoso,beroemd
imaginative,fantasioso,fantasierijk
phantasmagoric,fantasmagórico,fantasmagorisch
fanatical,fanático,fanatiek
fantastic,fantástico,fantastisch
fascinating,fascinante,fascinerend
fatalistic,fatalista,fatalistisch
tired,fatigado,vermoeid
favorable,favorable,gunstig
happy,fausto,gelukkig
feverish,febril,koortsig
prolific,fecundo,vruchtbaar
happy,feliz,gelukkig
feline,felino,katachtig
thin,flaco,dun
flabbergasted,flipado,verbijsterd
skinny,flacucho,mager
festive,festivo,feestelijk
sharp,filoso,scherp
reliable,fidedigno,betrouwbaar
trusting,fiado,vertrouwend
well-built,fornido,goed gebouwd
fortuitous,fortuito,toevallig
flagrant,flagrante,flagrant
annoying,fregado,vervelend
futile,fútil,futiel
gloomy,fúnebre,somber
frugal,frugal,sober
sensitive to the cold,friolento,kouwelijk
furious,furibundo,woedend
fleeting,fugaz,vluchtig
strong,fuerte,sterk
drunk,ebrio,dronken
equestrian,ecuestre,ruiter-
economic,económico,economisch
polite,educado,beleefd
effective,eficaz,effectief
ephemeral,efímero,kortstondig
selfish,egoísta,egoïstisch
eligible,elegible,verkiesbaar
in love,enamorado,verliefd
emaciated,escuálido,uitgemergeld
paved,empedrado,geplaveid
related by marriage,emparentado,aangetrouwd
pregnant,encinta,zwanger
weak,endeble,zwak
hunched,encorvado,gebogen
curly,encrespado,krullend
well-connected,enchufado,goed verbonden
praiseworthy,encomiable,prijzenswaardig
deceitful,engañoso,bedrieglijk
endemic,endémico,endemisch
lean,enjuto,mager
angry,enojado,boos
annoying,enojoso,vervelend
rolled up,enrollado,opgerold
half-open,entreabierto,half open
scarlet,escarlata,scharlakenrood
scarce,escaso,schaars
steep,escarpado,steil
erudite,erudito,geleerd
spiky,erizado,stekelig
chilling,escalofriante,huiveringwekkend
stable,estable,stabiel
strident,estridente,schel
foaming,espumoso,schuimend
eternal,eterno,eeuwig
astonished,estupefacto,verbijsterd
great,estupendo,geweldig
exact,exacto,exact
exempt,exento,vrijgesteld
excessive,excesivo,overmatig
eolian,eólico,eolisch
given,dado,gegeven
color-blind,daltónico,kleurenblind
harmful,dañoso,schadelijk
harmful,dañino,schadelijk
defective,defectuoso,defect
final,definitivo,definitief
deformed,deforme,misvormd
careless,dejado,onzorgvuldig
incriminating,delator,verradend
thin,delgado,dun
crazy,demente,gek
derived,derivado,afgeleid
refined,depurado,geraffineerd
sports,deportivo,sportief
deplorable,deplorable,betreurenswaardig
depraved,depravado,verdorven
melted,derretido,gesmolten
barefoot,descalzo,blootsvoets
faded,descolorido,vervaagd
discouraged,desanimado,ontmoedigd
loose,desatado,los
developed,desarrollado,ontwikkeld
unpleasant,desagradable,onaangenaam
deranged,desquiciado,krankzinnig
crazy,disparatado,gek
unprotected,desprotegido,onbeschermd
contemptuous,despectivo,minachtend
helpless,desvalido,hulpeloos
out of place,desplazado,misplaatst
arrested,detenido,gearresteerd
determined,determinado,vastberaden
didactic,didáctico,didactisch
diverse,diverso,divers
tiny,diminuto,minuscuul
sore,dolorido,pijnlijk
painful,doloroso,pijnlijk
dubious,dudoso,twijfelachtig
lasting,duradero,duurzaam
docile,dócil,dociel
unruly,díscolo,onhandelbaar
tough,duro,hard
worthy,digno,waardig
diffuse,difuso,diffuus
clear,diáfano,helder
difficult,difícil,moeilijk
learned,docto,geleerd
deceased,difunto,overleden
gentlemanly,caballeroso,ridderlijk
hairy,cabelludo,harig
pigheaded,cabezón,koppig
downcast,cabizbajo,neerslachtig
furious,cabreado,woedend
bad-tempered,cabrero,slecht gehumeurd
pitted,cacarizo,pokdalig
brutish,cafre,bruut
naked,calato,naakt
changeable,cambiante,veranderlijk
country,campero,landelijk
rotten,canalla,verrot
tiny,canijo,klein
singing,cantante,zingend
capturing,captor,vanger
affectionate,cariñoso,liefdevol
crimson,carmesí,karmozijnrood
covered in dandruff,casposo,met roos bedekt
Castilian,castellano,Castiliaans
chestnut-colored,castañuelo,kastanjebruin
annoying,catete,vervelend
well-dressed,catrín,goed gekleed
cautious,cauteloso,voorzichtig
chaotic,caótico,chaotisch
sky-blue,celeste,hemelsblauw
well-aimed,certero,goed gericht
crappy,chafa,waardeloos
crooked,chueco,krom
toothless,chimuelo,tandeloos
tiny,chiquito,klein
from Mexico City,chilango,uit Mexico-stad
mean,chucho,gemeen
senile,choto,seniel
clandestine,clandestino,clandestien
complex,complejo,complex
filthy,cochino,vies
crunchy,crocante,knapperig
awesome,bacano,geweldig
dancing,bailador,dansend
bearded,barbudo,bebaard
blessed,beato,gezegend
benign,benigno,goedaardig
beneficial,bienhechor,weldadig
bilingual,bilingüe,tweetalig
embroidered,bordado,geborduurd
bohemian,bohemio,bohemien
Puerto Rican,boricua,Puerto Ricaans
silly,bobo,dom
brief,breve,kort
bright,brillante,helder
misty,brumoso,mistig
spirited,brioso,levendig
stupid,bruto,dom
harsh,bronco,bars
mocking,burlón,spottend
crude,burdo,grof
bewitching,brujo,betoverend
brusque,brusco,bruusk
warlike,bélico,oorlogszuchtig
cruel,bárbaro,wreed
alert,buzo,alert
drunk,borracho,dronken
boring,aburrido,saai
deserted,abandonado,verlaten
packed,abarrotado,volgepakt
folding,abatible,opvouwbaar
vast,abismal,afgrondelijk
self-sacrificing,abnegado,zelfopofferend
embarrassed,abochornado,beschaamd
stunned,abombado,verbijsterd
fertilized,abonado,bemest
loathed,aborrecido,gehaat
vaulted,abovedado,gewelfd
sheltered,abrigado,beschut
steep,abrupto,steil
absent,ausente,afwezig
bitter,amargo,bitter
happy,alegre,blij
friendly,amigable,vriendelijk
burning,abrasador,brandend
dejected,abatido,neerslachtig
old-fashioned,anticuado,ouderwets
mature,añejo,gerijpt
scatterbrained,atolondrado,verstrooid
narrow,angosto,smal
nice,agradable,aangenaam
wealthy,acaudalado,rijk
bulky,abultado,omvangrijk
watery,acuoso,waterig
obliging,acomedido,behulpzaam
worthy of,acreedor,waardig
advisable,aconsejable,raadzaam
armoured,acorazado,gepantserd
remote,remoto,afgelegen
vain,vanidoso,ijdel
goofy,tarumba,maf
shut in,encerrado,opgesloten
paid,pagado,betaald
unfriendly,antipático,onvriendelijk
extraordinary,extraordinario,buitengewoon
balanced,balanceado,gebalanceerd
definite,definido,definitief
outgoing,extrovertido,extravert
furry,peludo,harig
shocked,impresionado,geschokt
loyal,leal,loyaal
well-dressed,puesto,goed gekleed
dusty,polvoriento,stoffig
noisy,bullicioso,lawaaierig
regular,regular,regelmatig
contemporary,contemporáneo,hedendaags
arduous,arduo,moeizaam
bad,mal,slecht
married,casado,getrouwd
common,corriente,gewoon
nursing,lactante,zogend
easy,fácil,gemakkelijk
charming,encantador,charmant
hollow,hueco,hol
tired,cansado,moe
abstract,abstracto,abstract
static,estático,statisch
spontaneous,espontáneo,spontaan
supernatural,sobrenatural,bovennatuurlijk
Hispanic,hispano,Spaans
responsible,encargado,verantwoordelijk
sharp,punzante,stekend
friendly,amistoso,vriendelijk
adopted,adoptado,geadopteerd
written,escrito,geschreven
pirated,pirata,illegaal
sensible,sensato,verstandig
abject,abyecto,verachtelijk
underlined,subrayado,onderstreept
overwhelmed,agobiado,overweldigd
electrical,electricista,elektrisch
junior,júnior,junior
brutal,brutal,brutaal
foolish,insensato,dwaas
current,actual,actueel
lonely,solitario,eenzaam
blurred,borroso,wazig
shallow,vacío,ondiep
tireless,infatigable,onvermoeibaar
impersonal,impersonal,onpersoonlijk
amphibious,anfibio,amfibisch
sea,marítimo,maritiem
faithful,fiel,trouw
following,siguiente,volgend
shrewd,astuto,scherpzinnig
old,antiguo,oud
editorial,editorial,redactioneel
elegant,elegante,elegant
liberal,liberal,liberaal
next,siguiente,volgende
excellent,excelente,uitstekend
retired,jubilado,gepensioneerd
dry,seco,droog
cardinal,cardinal,kardinaal
state,estatal,staats-
pleasant,grato,aangenaam
intermediate,intermedio,gemiddeld
master,maestro,meester
huge,enorme,enorm
persistent,perseverante,volhardend
dressed,vestido,gekleed
helpful,gaucho,behulpzaam
round,redondo,rond
done,hecho,gedaan
progressive,progresivo,progressief
basic,básico,basis-
anarchist,anarquista,anarchistisch
delighted,encantado,verrukt
tempting,tentador,verleidelijk
loose-fitting,holgado,ruimvallend
large,gran,groot
scratched,rayado,bekrast
shady,umbroso,schaduwrijk
excited,entusiasmado,enthousiast
absurd,absurdo,absurd
bare,descubierto,bloot
negative,negativo,negatief
curled up,acurrucado,opgekruld
chubby,gordito,mollig
dirty,sucio,vies
sarcastic,socarrón,sarcastisch
chance,casual,toevallig
evil,malvado,kwaadaardig
desolate,desolado,desolaat
essential,imprescindible,essentieel
clumsy,torpe,onhandig
Internet,por Internet,via internet
coarse,basto,grof
abandoned,moto,verlaten
selfless,desinteresado,onbaatzuchtig
lying down,echado,liggend
summer,veraniego,zomers
wise,sabio,wijs
rude,borde,onbeleefd
postal,postal,post-
wide,amplio,breed
coming,venidero,komend
total,absoluto,absoluut
working,activo,werkend
wrong,equivocado,verkeerd
delicate,delicado,delicaat
pregnant,embarazada,zwanger
arrogant,soberbio,arrogant
average,el promedio,gemiddeld
corny,cursi,melig
close,cercano,dichtbij
opulent,opulento,weelderig
welcome,bienvenido,welkom
stuffed,relleno,gevuld
stopped,parado,gestopt
tenth,décimo,tiende
interesting,interesante,interessant
sunny,soleado,zonnig
relentless,implacable,meedogenloos
old,viejo,oud
cheap,barato,goedkoop
indirect,indirecto,indirect
contact,de contacto,contact-
spectacular,espectacular,spectaculair
high,elevado,hoog
timely,oportuno,tijdig
magic,mágico,magisch
delicious,delicioso,heerlijk
deserted,desierto,verlaten
probable,probable,waarschijnlijk
broke,pelado,blut
generous,generoso,genereus
keen,agudo,scherp
every,cada,elke
smaller,más pequeño,kleiner
sexy,sexy,sexy
fundamental,primordial,fundamenteel
resident,residente,inwonend
ring-shaped,anular,ringvormig
abiding,perdurable,blijvend
hot,acalorado,verhit
only,único,enig
wearing,desgastante,slijtend
deceitful,farsante,bedrieglijk
noisy,ruidoso,lawaaierig
undefined,indefinido,onbepaald
crazy,loco,gek
aged,envejecido,verouderd
realistic,realista,realistisch
confident,confiado,zelfverzekerd
short,corto,kort
undisputed,indiscutido,onbetwist
quarrelsome,pendenciero,ruzieachtig
national,nacional,nationaal
questioning,interrogante,vragend
petty,mezquino,kleingeestig
opposite,opuesto,tegenovergesteld
planned,planeado,gepland
appropriate,adecuado,geschikt
pretty,bonito,mooi
rude,maleducado,onbeleefd
sleeping,durmiente,slapend
low,bajo,laag
renewable,renovable,hernieuwbaar
liquid,líquido,vloeibaar
overwhelmed,abrumado,overweldigd
enemy,enemigo,vijandig
taboo,tabú,taboe
perplexed,perplejo,perplex
single,soltero,vrijgezel
grateful,agradecido,dankbaar
surrounding,circundante,omringend
rude,grosero,grof
authentic,auténtico,authentiek
agreeable,agradable,aangenaam
overwhelming,avasallador,overweldigend
phantom,fantasma,fantoom
talkative,hablador,spraakzaam
playful,juguetón,speels
individual,individual,individueel
demanding,exigente,veeleisend
distinctive,distintivo,onderscheidend
narrow,estrecho,smal
sheer,puro,puur
astute,astuto,scherpzinnig
nocturnal,nocturno,nachtelijk
intense,intenso,intens
brave,valiente,dapper
external,externo,extern
noble,noble,nobel
unequal,desigual,ongelijk
restrained,contenido,ingetogen
farming,agropecuario,agrarisch
face-to-face,cara a cara,face-to-face
introverted,introvertido,introvert
indigenous,autóctono,inheems
sleepy,soñoliento,slaperig
effective,efectivo,effectief
deaf,sordo,doof
stiff,tieso,stijf
sensible,avisado,verstandig
slimy,baboso,slijmerig
collective,colectivo,collectief
ideal,ideal,ideaal
slow,lento,langzaam
spotted,pinto,gevlekt
level,parejo,gelijk
vital,vital,vitaal
accurate,preciso,nauwkeurig
shy,tímido,verlegen
tiring,cansador,vermoeiend
shortish,bajito,kort
black,negro,zwart
alien,ajeno,vreemd
fair,justo,eerlijk
charity,benéfico,liefdadigheids-
seated,sentado,zittend
loving,amante,liefhebbend
miserly,avaro,gierig
fierce,feroz,woest
unbearable,insoportable,ondraaglijk
humble,humilde,nederig
commercial,comercial,commercieel
closed,cerrado,gesloten
determined,resuelto,vastbesloten
whole,entero,heel
out,fuera,uit
complete,completo,compleet
double,doble,dubbel
bulging,saltado,uitpuilend
fascinating,apasionante,fascinerend
high,alto,hoog
unfair,injusto,oneerlijk
mineral,mineral,mineraal
used,usado,gebruikt
inside,dentro,binnen
critical,crítico,kritisch
barefooted,descalzo,blootsvoets
lazy,perezoso,lui
intelligent,inteligente,intelligent
notable,notable,opmerkelijk
cozy,acogedor,gezellig
heavy,pesado,zwaar
off,apagado,uit
flexible,flexible,flexibel
romantic,enamorado,romantisch
student,estudiantil,studenten-
depressed,deprimido,depressief
complete,total,totaal
rapid,acelerado,versneld
material,material,materieel
precious,precioso,kostbaar
nosy,entrometido,nieuwsgierig
learned,letrado,geleerd
reflective,reflexivo,reflecterend
automotive,automotriz,automobiel-
strange,extraño,vreemd
blonde,rubio,blond
academic,académico,academisch
safe,salvo,veilig
minor,menor,minderjarig
organized,organizado,georganiseerd
hard,duro,hard
public,público,openbaar
numbered,contado,geteld
living,viviente,levend
smooth,liso,glad
unbeaten,invicto,ongeslagen
ethnic,étnico,etnisch
good,bueno,goed
angelic,angelical,engelachtig
indigenous,indígena,inheems
loud,sonoro,luid
asleep,dormido,slapend
disturbed,perturbado,verstoord
composed,compuesto,samengesteld
stupid,cazurro,dom
muddy,lodoso,modderig
temporary,temporal,tijdelijk
international,internacional,internationaal
prevailing,predominante,overheersend
projecting,voladizo,uitstekend
rising,ascendente,stijgend
stupid,burro,dom
masculine,masculino,mannelijk
fractured,quebrado,gebroken
main,principal,hoofd-
digital,digital,digitaal
weak,débil,zwak
excited,emocionado,opgewonden
behind,retrasado,achter
usual,habitual,gebruikelijk
descriptive,descriptivo,beschrijvend
plain,liso,effen
quantitative,cuantitativo,kwantitatief
curly,rizado,krullend
fried,frito,gebakken
fighting,guerrero,vechtend
dazed,aturdido,verdwaasd
fit,idóneo,geschikt
electric,eléctrico,elektrisch
well-deserved,merecido,welverdiend
expert,el experto,expert
ready,dispuesto,bereid
terrible,fatal,verschrikkelijk
casual,casual,casual
rainy,lluvioso,regenachtig
left-handed,zurdo,linkshandig
jealous,celoso,jaloers
stingy,tacaño,gierig
messy,desordenado,rommelig
fierce,bravo,woest
awake,despierto,wakker
key,clave,sleutel-
direct,directo,direct
ripe,maduro,rijp
past,pasado,verleden
smart,listo,slim
lying,mentiroso,leugenachtig
cross,enojado,boos
worried,preocupado,bezorgd
vulnerable,vulnerable,kwetsbaar
blood,carnal,bloed-
thirsty,sediento,dorstig
final,final,laatste
lame,cojo,kreupel
courteous,gentil,hoffelijk
broken,roto,gebroken
hip,en la onda,hip
bland,soso,flauw
younger,menor,jonger
quick,pronto,snel
responsible,responsable,verantwoordelijk
informal,informal,informeel
rural,rural,landelijk
frequent,frecuente,frequent
dead,muerto,dood
colorful,colorido,kleurrijk
awesome,chido,geweldig
antagonistic,antagonista,antagonistisch
confused,confundido,verward
sociable,sociable,sociaal
humid,húmedo,vochtig
rusty,oxidado,roestig
flat,llano,plat
little,pequeño,klein
able,capaz,bekwaam
characteristic,característico,kenmerkend
pretend,de mentira,nep
surprised,sorprendido,verrast
European,europeo,Europees
wicked,bellaco,slecht
spoiled,consentido,verwend
beautiful,garrido,mooi
cool,guay,cool
stone,de piedra,stenen
fine,fino,fijn
bald,calvo,kaal
disgusting,asqueroso,walgelijk
upset,molesto,overstuur
cloudy,nublado,bewolkt
polite,cortés,beleefd
famous,conocido,bekend
soft,blando,zacht
clever,sagaz,slim
frustrated,frustrado,gefrustreerd
junk,basura,rotzooi
fresh,fresco,vers
untidy,desordenado,slordig
anxious,ansioso,angstig
slight,leve,licht
another,otro,ander
acting,interino,waarnemend
natural,natural,natuurlijk
exposed,visto,blootgesteld
proper,debido,gepast
virtual,virtual,virtueel
summer,estival,zomers
crafty,pícaro,sluw
blessed,bienaventurado,gezegend
particular,particular,bijzonder
fabulous,fabuloso,fantastisch
pure,puro,puur
sharp,agudo,scherp
upright,cabal,rechtschapen
edible,comestible,eetbaar
clear,claro,duidelijk
healthy,sano,gezond
feminine,femenino,vrouwelijk
background,de fondo,achtergrond-
greedy,codicioso,hebzuchtig
beautiful,hermoso,mooi
daily,diario,dagelijks
useful,útil,nuttig
online,online,online
familiar,familiar,bekend
silly,mentecato,dwaas
funny,gracioso,grappig
proud,orgulloso,trots
attached,adjunto,bijgevoegd
submissive,agachado,onderdanig
freezing,aterido,verkleumd
weekly,semanal,wekelijks
different,distinto,anders
no,ninguna,geen
free,libre,vrij
golden,dorado,gouden
fun,divertido,leuk
urban,urbano,stedelijk
possessive,posesivo,bezitterig
correct,correcto,correct
comfortable,cómodo,comfortabel
rare,raro,zeldzaam
late,tarde,laat
nervous,nervioso,nerveus
square,el cuadrado,vierkant
stubborn,terco,koppig
active,activo,actief
stubborn,tozudo,koppig
annoyed,enfadado,geërgerd
honest,honrado,eerlijk
dangerous,peligroso,gevaarlijk
poor,pobre,arm
open,abierto,open
tidy,ordenado,opgeruimd
expensive,caro,duur
loose,suelto,los
outdoor,exterior,buiten-
horrible,horrible,verschrikkelijk
antique,antiguo,antiek
full,lleno,vol
overall,global,globaal
embarrassed,avergonzado,beschaamd
awful,pésimo,verschrikkelijk
skinny,flaco,mager
available,disponible,beschikbaar
terrible,terrible,verschrikkelijk
content,contento,tevreden
rich,rico,rijk
delicious,rico,heerlijk
authoritarian,autoritario,autoritair
normal,normal,normaal
favorite,favorito,favoriet
uneven,irregular,onregelmatig
daring,audaz,gedurfd
future,futuro,toekomstig
esoteric,esotérico,esoterisch
sporty,deportista,sportief
professional,profesional,professioneel
clean,limpio,schoon
busy,ocupado,bezig
addicted,adicto,verslaafd
admirable,admirable,bewonderenswaardig
sore,adolorido,pijnlijk
industrious,afanoso,ijverig
heartbroken,afligido,hartgebroken
with the flu,agripado,met griep
ominous,agorero,onheilspellend
isolated,aislado,geïsoleerd
foreign,ajeno,vreemd
sour,agrio,zuur
bittersweet,agridulce,bitterzoet
rough,agreste,ruw